if you want to solve a problem in your
business that's become particularly
tricky you need to be taking in a ton of
data so that your unique mind your
unique world view your unique life
having grown up the way that you grew up
the way that your brain is wired all of
it you will come up with ideas that
nobody else is going to come up with
[Music]
this isn't often impact Theory being in
a bubble there is a whole world of hyper
successful entrepreneurs for whom it's
not enough to have made a ton of cash
they really want to do something
[Music]
we are here at meltdown in the desert a
more appropriate name there has never
been a promise you it is 114 degrees
here it is even too hot for me and that
is saying something so but we are here
about to crush a speech I'm going to be
doing the keynote tonight so I've got a
nice robust amount of time I'd be
amazing and get to tell the whole story
of going from where I started as a
broke-ass copywriter on through building
quest and talking about impact here and
where we're going what we're trying to
do I'm super excited to be here really
honored I've already met a lot of
amazing people if you guys ever seen me
out and about man you do not need to
apologize come up interrupt me whatever
let me know always always always amazing
to meet diehard fans of this community
I'm just insanely grateful now let's go
in and kill this come on
[Music]
yeah those crazy my thing is wherever
it's useful for your audience
I want to know how many born
entrepreneurs do we have in the crowd I
am NOT a born entrepreneur I am the kid
that catches head down did a little work
as possible and avoid the punishment at
all cost that's how I came up and so my
viewpoint on the world is you can become
anything you want I don't worry about
what your innate talent are then you're
lucky if your innate talent is also the
thing you love that fantastic but to me
the acquisition of skills should be
built entirely around one thing what are
your bold you've got all these limiting
beliefs about yourself things you think
you can never overcome or whatever and
it's all total via and once you realize
you can do anything you set your mind to
but like in the matrix you've got a jack
in you've got to get that data you've
got to learn your kungfu so what is your
come to my kungfu is business I knew
that I was going to have to learn
business in order to control the
resources in order to control my art and
then how do you jack in and learn at
that incredible rates like they do in
the movie and for me the answer was book
other than what I got sort of growing up
with my parents and the amazing
contributions of my wife everything that
I know is from books the most important
mathematical formula you will ever
encounter is right there I I equals I Oh
it stands for ideas in equal ideas out
and humans are synthesized ation
machines like what makes you unique is
not that you're thinking unique thoughts
it's that you're taking in all the
thoughts that exist and reacting to them
in a unique way sure and you're taking
people that it took them 30 40 years to
accumulate that knowledge they put it
into something you can read in a week
like if you actually open yourself up to
be change to put that knowledge into
immediate action you can actually like
change your life and learn the things
that they know and so my life has
literally been taking all these books
and anyone that will stand still long
enough to teach me something and I put
my ego aside I sit at their feet and I
learned and before every book say a
little prayer and the prayer goes like
this I
am open to being changed fundamentally
and for the better by this book
everyone is your superior in some way
and
once you learn to check your ego sit at
their feet with absolute humility and be
open to their ideas especially the one
that contradicts what you believe today
then you'll get somewhere from your
listeners probably care more about what
books should they read and the answer is
mindset by Carol Dweck light and I have
if you go to impact eerie calm right now
you see Tom's reading list it's the 25
books I think anybody should read in
order literally just pick up the first
one and go to the second so on and so
forth
and if you read those books with a
willingness to be changed like actually
open yourself up to that information
totally changing the way that you think
and approach the world
by the time you finish the book twenty
five you will be a radically different
in
your current skill set has already taken
you as far as it's going to take you if
you don't put yourself on a path to
learn and very aggressively where you
are now is where you'll be in five years
thank
[Applause]
my dearest impactive as' thank you guys
so much for joining me on this trip here
the talk went really well this ended up
just being an amazing event largely
because of people to put it on have
their heart so in the right place and
really trying to help people do
something incredible so it's very very
much an honor to be here especially on
one of the hottest days of the years and
now finally the very long journey that I
have been on that started two weeks ago
it's finally coming to a close and I get
to go back home to impact house and see
everybody and keep moving this thing
forward so thank you guys so much for
being a part of this community and now
you don't have to go home but you can't
stay here Oh
[Music]